hello pickles today we're gonna learn in
toxicity by System of a Down here's how
it sounds all together
just like that now with the first intro
part you're getting one thing it being a
and just go and do this six times so one
two three
and then you're gonna want to move up
two keys and do the exact same things
six time they're gonna want to go back
down to peace go that's three times
thing go like this whoa those all right
then what's go down back to keys again
go
that's kind of complicated just go I'll
do the solely one
just like that and then you're gonna
move up to appease and go so now let's
do the first part together
and that's the insurers toxicity
you
I messed up there but Baba